Those who attended the naturalization ceremony at Loutit District Library this past fall were treated to Lisa Menerick’s moving rendition of our national anthem.

For those who know Menerick, her powerful voice wouldn’t come as a surprise – she’s been a fixture in the music scene, both locally and across the state, for many years.

The former mayor of Ferrysburg is originally from East Grand Rapids. Her claim to fame is that she grew up across the street from Gerald R. Ford.

“His family was lovely, and he was a wonderful man, a wonderful president,” Menerick said. “He really helped the people of West Michigan.”

Menerick has long had a love for music – she was an elementary educator for nearly 50 years, and has taught private piano and voice for more than 40 years. She recently retired from Muskegon Public Schools.

“Now I have more time to do professional singing, where before it was just summers,” said Menerick, who was a theater education major at Michigan State University. She also holds degrees from Sullins College in Brisol, Virginia; Wayne State University; and Grand Valley State University. “I miss performing, so I’m excited to get back into that.”

Menerick’s singing career has taken her to many venues, some as humble as local nursing homes. She’s also worked as a rodeo consultant and has sang for the Professional Bull Riders.

“Michigan State was my catapult,” she said. “I did a lot of dinner theater, along with teaching – whatever I could fit into my schedule, for the summer.”

She’s also performed during the annual Ferrysburg Carol Sing.

Menerick has been a member of the National Guild of Piano Teachers since 1979 and is also a part of the St. Cecelia Music Society. She performs and lectures professionally, and teaches both voice and piano lessons from studios in Grand Rapids and along the Lakeshore.

Lessons are available for kids as young as 4 years old through adult; Menerick offers both private and group instruction. For more information, visit her website at lisamenerickpianostudio.com.
